Update image READMEs and automatically update Docker Hub READMEs (#433)
rstudio/rstudio-docker-products: package-manager/README.md

# Quick reference

* Maintained by: [the Posit Docker team](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio-docker-products)

> * Where to get help: [our Github Issues page](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio-docker-products/issues)

Reviewer: Missing reference to the image? Consistency w/ Connect

Author: I only included the image link for the connect-content-init image so people could navigate back to that one. I can include it on every one though so it's easier for Github viewers.

# Supported tags and respective Dockerfile links

> * [`2022.11.0`, `bionic`, `ubuntu1804`, `bionic-2022.11.0`, `ubuntu1804-2022.11.0`](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio-docker-products/blob/main/package-manager/Dockerfile.ubuntu1804)

Reviewer: This is a bit out-of-date too

# Quick reference

* Maintained by: [the Posit Docker team](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio-docker-products)
* Where to get help: [our Github Issues page](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio-docker-products/issues)

# Supported tags and respective Dockerfile links

> * [`latest`, `2022.11.0`, `bionic`, `ubuntu1804`, `bionic-2022.11.0`, `ubuntu1804-2022.11.0`](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio-docker-products/blob/main/package-manager/Dockerfile.ubuntu1804)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`2022.11.0`, `bionic`, `ubuntu1804`, `bionic-2022.11.0`, `ubuntu1804-2022.11.0`](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio-docker-products/blob/main/package-manager/Dockerfile.ubuntu1804)
```

* [`jammy`, `ubuntu2204`, `jammy-2022.11.0`, `ubuntu2204-2022.11.0`](hhttps://github.com/rstudio/rstudio-docker-products/blob/main/package-manager/Dockerfile.ubuntu2204)

# What is RStudio Package Manager?

Posit Package Manager, formerly RStudio Package Manager, is a repository management server to organize and centralize 
R packages across your team, department, or entire organization. Get offline access to CRAN, automate CRAN syncs, 
share local packages, restrict package access, find packages across repositories, and more. Experience reliable and 
consistent package management, optimized for teams who use R.

The following documentation helps an administrator install and configure Package Manager. It provides information for 
installing the product on different operating systems, upgrading, and configuring Package Manager.

# Notice for support

1. This image may introduce **BREAKING** changes, as such we recommend:

>    - Avoid using the `latest` tag to avoid unexpected issues, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Avoid using the `latest` or `{operating-system}` tags to avoid unexpected version changes, and
```

**NOTE:** the "offline activation process" is not supported by this image today. Offline installations will need
to explore using a license server, license file, or custom image with manual intervention.

### Environment variables

| Variable | Description | Default |
|-----|---|---|
| `RSPM_LICENSE` | License key for RStudio Package Manager, format should be: `XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX` | None |
| `RSPM_LICENSE_SERVER` | Floating license server, format should be: `my.url.com:port` | None |

### Ports

| Variable | Description |
|-----|---|

> | `2022.11.0` | Default HTTP Port for RStudio Package Manager |

Reviewer: Another regex anomaly
